# Receipt-Processor-Challenge

## Files included in this project:
1. 'index.js': This is the main file of the project where the Express server is created and configured. It handles the routing and logic for processing receipts and calculating points.
   
2. 'receipt.json' : It is a JSON  file which is typically used as a sample or test data to simulate the receipt information that would be sent in the POST request to the /receipts/process endpoint. It allows you to test the functionality of the server by processing a receipt and calculating the points based on the defined rules.

3. 'package.json': This file contains metadata about the project and the list of dependencies required by the project. It includes information such as the project name, version, author, and scripts.

4. 'package-lock.json': This file is automatically generated by npm (Node Package Manager) and provides version information for all the dependencies installed in the project. It ensures that the project's dependencies are installed with the same versions across different environments.

5. 'node_modules/': This directory contains all the dependencies installed for the project. It is automatically created and managed by npm when you run the npm install command.

6. 'Dockerfile' : The Dockerfile is a text file that contains instructions for building a Docker image. It specifies the base image to use, sets up the environment, copies the necessary files into the image, and defines the commands to run when the container is started.

7. 'Dockerfile.tests' : It is a Docker file for building a Docker image for the tests container.
   
8. 'docker-compose.yml' : A Docker compose file is used to define and run multiple containers as a service.
   
9. tests/unit.tests.js : This file contains the unit tests.

## How to run the project:

1. Clone the Project: Clone or download the project source code to your local machine.

2. Navigate to Project Directory: Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you have the project files.

3. Build the Docker image for both the containers: Run the below command to build and start the containers (which will run the unit tests and also starts the server):
   #### docker-compose up

4. Sending POST Request using docker command: Replace '<container_name_or_id>' with the actual name or ID of your container. Also instead of '{path to}' you can give you path to 'receipt.json' file or just the file name if this file is in the same location as the 'Dockerfile'. Below is the command for sending POST Request:    
    #### docker exec <container_name_or_id> curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '@{path to}/receipt.json' http://localhost:3000/receipts/process

5. Sending GET Request using docker command : Replace '<id>' with the specific receipt ID you want to retrieve points for. Below is the code for sending GET Request:          
    #### docker exec <container_name_or_id> curl -X GET http://localhost:3000/receipts/<id>/points




 
